We have made out searching for her.
She's missing?
My Alpha.
We found Miss Copper's footprint in the other boys mountain.
There was a sign to struggle with the hunter.
Don't worry, I'm also a hunter, hunter cleanser.
She can be taken by Daniel Merck, can she?
He's Daniel Merck.
He's a notorious hunter's cleanser.
Get to the bottom of this.
You did deeper.
I want to know the truth.
We received any new information.
I'll let you know.
Is there anything else?
Yes.
We discovered that Jacob and Passley
are colluding with each other.
Secretly assembling a group of rocks.
Planning it possible.
We believe.
The Howard family is even involved.
This has to be stopped.
Tomorrow I'll come be in a council meeting to discuss this.
Pick up my mind.